So far we've been talking about systems for storing
multiple tickets in the physical world using boxes and bags.
But now, we're going to go back into the digital world
and think about how we want to represent just a single ticket.
Remember, a physical ticket looks something like
this but we want to talk about a digital ticket,
which means we only care about the data this ticket contains.
Which in this case is text but it's not really just text,
the string doesn't feel appropriate
here because really there's two different types of text here.
On the left, we have the names of the various fields.
Every ticket has a field named Date,
field name Priority and a field name Description.
But the text on the right is what changes from ticket to ticket and at this point,
I want to call something out about this data.
As I presented it, the string for the Date
came before the Priority which came before the Description.
But there no real meaning behind this ordering.
In fact, we could have just as easily put the Description first.
When data doesn't have any inherent sequential order into it,
it often but not always,
means that we should be using a data structure other than a list.
In the next section, you're going to explore
the trade-offs associated with various data structures.
Eventually, we're going to settle on using
a Python dictionary as the preferred way to store unordered but related data.